[MUSIC]
>> Aaron: All right,
let's move on to constant.
This one is wicked hard to grasp, right?
Not wicked hard at all.
So, it's just "CONST", use const a = 0.
Don't ever try and assign me again.
You'll get an error.
Some of the implementations currently just
go, if you tried to do a = 1 on line two,
they just let you think everything's
good and then you log it,
and it's like I'm still zero though.
I'm not one.
So they don't die when
you're trying to do it, but
when it all works they'll die,
just trust me it will die.
So, constant to like it, yeah and
as far as like scoping,
it behaves just like LET does, so
it's lexically scoped inside of
you curly braces wherever you go.
You can't re-declare it either.
Any questions on constant before
we move on on block functions.
Constant was super simple.
>> Aaron: Okay, all right,
block functions.
These are cool and because of this that's
what this feature called LET expressions
LET statements, if anyone knows what
those were, they're gone because of this.
So, if you wanted to make
a temporary variable and
you're a clever developer cuz
we all have clever developers,
we would just say if-true and
put on some false block, right?
So, because they're like yeah dude,
they're just gonna put on an if-true and
get a temporal scope there.
Let's just let them lay down
a new scope just for fun.
So you use a pair of curly braces and
do some stuff and
you've got your own scope on the fly.
So that's block scope.
So, I'd imagine this is gonna
make code look kind of wonky and
sometimes if you have three or
four of these,
I can imagine like a crazy pyramid of
death out of this, but it's there.
So so yeah.
So you don't have to do that if anymore or
the if-true and
scopes just as if you had an if-true.
Well done with LET's stuff.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Question back on the CONST,
do CONST have the same scope as LETs?
>> Aaron: Yeah.
Yep, totally,
they work just like LET, except for,
you can't reassign the value
once it's been assigned, so.
>> Speaker 2: Could you assign
a function to a constant?
>> Aaron: Yeah, I mean if, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I don't know
why you would want to, but
I'm just saying,
>> Aaron: Why wouldn't you want to?
I mean like let's say you were,
you know how we can monkey patch
functionalities data prototype.
I mean maybe, I don't know maybe
you don't want to do that.
Maybe you wanna make a function that
you can't overwrite I don't know.
I'm not saying you do,
I'm not saying you don't though like,
you might wanna say good question.
Good.
>> Speaker 4: Do a CONST a function, so.
>> Aaron: Const A equals function?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah, or
something like that.
>> Aaron: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: So you don't
have to worry about somebody else
accidentally conflicting with your code?
>> Aaron: Yeah.
Yeah, you can do that.
You could do that.
Totes.
With goats, anyone?
Anyone else?
Okay, so
I'm gonna let you guys try out let and,
yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Blocks,
can you pass blocks around?
>> Aaron: That would mean that
blocks are an object, and
no, I mean Block is like code flow.
It's not an object, yeah.
It's not a function.
A block is just a set of curly
braces that the scope off
where you want traffic to go.
That's all it is.
So, so,
>> Aaron: If you guys wanna pull up,
there were not Firefox installed, I asked
everybody to get Firefox installed.
So I'm gonna go through
this real quick and
I'm gonna have you guys try this step out.
So if you go to the compatibility
tables and we go to LET and
CONST, these are all supported in Firefox,
okay?
They do have that weird temporal dead-zone
bug that I was telling you guys about.
And then block functions.
They're here too.
Block-level functions.
And these are supported in
the latest Firefox as well.
So you should be good to go.
So I'm going to pull up Firefox.
I'm gonna start stuttering cuz,
I don't know exactly
how you guys want me to say
this without being confusing.
So, if I come over here and
say let A equal one, it won't work.
So, CONST b= 10.
>> Aaron: Const.
>> Aaron: B sorry.
Anyway.
Yeah.
So
you guys can kind of dork around with it.
If you wanna to write like a,
>> Aaron: Like
a function with a block
scope inside of it and
then call it just to make sure
that the block scopes working.
Go ahead and do that.
I want you to try couple things out and
then we'll come back and,
we probably move right on because
we were kind of over on time.
I want you guys to try these out for
a few minutes or so let's take five and
pull the Firefox your console and
try some of these are just some
kind of keys to Unicode with them.
So, along with Firefox or node or
chrome, you can also try to run
some of your code in tracer or
new if you come over to table and
you're like dude tracer's got it.
That table we messed up.
There we go, that's right.
So if you're like cool tracer's
tracers got and you want to try.
You don't have to open Firefox.
You can come to the tracer
good job site and
they actually have a live rebel
where you can use code in line.
So, I'm actually showing you guys a class
but, if you wanted to be like let equal
one and it's going ,and out down here
it's going to say unexpected token LET.
So, I'm going to say, "dude turn on
experimental features" and it says,
" yeah, no cool.
I know what LET is and if you're like,
"okay, what about this?"
>> Aaron: Right, so
do you see what it did there?
So, anyway it's like live
transpiling this into a thing that
It's not the exact same, but
it will hopefully act to the same, right?
And I know all you guys would want
to rite your code like that anyway.
[LAUGH] But, yeah they let you do that.
So.
So yeah that's tracer though.
And if you want to see what some
stuff is gonna the work like
You can control it out
here in the live rebel.
It's kind of nice tracers a command line
tool though you actually would install it
locally and then you can add it to your
build process with like a grant tracer.
I started grant tracer and
it's super simple to use but,
if you want to just try to live online,
this is rebels probably
the easiest things of in between
sessions when you're trying to stuff.
Feel free to just come out of this
rubble and try to get in the way.
So all right, let's move on to.
Did anyone have any questions when
they were trying this stuff out or
did they find anything wonky?
>> Aaron: Okay.
Why I asked you to use Firefox, one time,
I was talking about this in a
presentation, and someone got really mad,
and sent feedback that I'd
favored Firefox over Chrome, and
they were really upset
that I had done that.
And I wasn't, I mean,
its wasn't trying to do that, it's just,
Firefox has got the stuff.
And,Chrome doesn't yet, so.
I'm only asking to use it where it exists.
I'm not trying to force used to Mozilla or
anything.
Use whatever browser you want.
I'm only asking you to
use it where it exists.
So used dragster or use Firefox.
If you see chrome like,
if it's a feature that's in Chrome good.
Try that in chrome.